                                                            title                                                            
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Microsoft 2008 launch happens, heroically (and pop babel)
 10 Recommended Recommendation Engines
 Ask YC: my just launched startup needs your comments
 Benford's Law applied to New Age thinking
 McNealy to Telcos: Either you become a destination site, or the destination site will become a telco
 A Guide to Web Typography
 China's stockmarkets have been sliding for months
 Nerd fight? EC2 isn’t 50% slower
 Hal Varian Answers Your Questions 
 In Pakistan vs. YouTube, it's not all about technology
 Banning Social Networks a Losing Battle
 Terminator rising: Military robot arms race under way
 [Duh!] Report says - More teenagers ignoring CDs
 WorldWide Telescope TEDTalk
 Apple Prepares iPhone SDK And Other Goodies
 Use of Google for Automated Hacker Data Mining Triggers Fears
 Goog doesn't only search the web, but want to help creating it?
 Meaning-Based Web and Web 3.0
 Rocking the Stocks of Your Favorite Bands
 Handbook of Mathematical Functions by Abramowitz and Stegun (great reference book now free)
 Google Goes After Another Microsoft Cash Cow 
 Bill Gates and Other Happenings at LinkedIn 
 Devices for the deviceless
 Capistrano 2.2.0 is now available 
 Picanswers - Ask questions with photos
 RIPE NCC explains YouTube hijack
 Adobe to port AIR for Linux
 How to Get Ahead on LinkedIn
 New supercomputer is a rack of PlayStations
 The Big List of Social Sites - 234 to date
 blinkx Survey of TV and Online Video Habits Reveals Surprising User Behavior
 Joel: How Hard Could It Be?: Lessons I Learned in the Army
 11 Solid Ways to Improve Your Time Management Skills
 3G iPhone to launch mid-year with Infineon chip - report
 Munin - Another monitoring tool
 FriendFeed Changelog: see what code we are writing
 iPhone "is not married to the single, exclusive-carrier model"
 Remember the Tasp from Larry Niven's Ringworld? They invented it. 
 Why Startups Fail: Run Out Of Cash, Run Out Of Commitment
 Regression analysis of test scores reveals: Massachusetts is smartest
 Guidelines for competing with Twitter
 I can't believe I'm becoming an Apple Fanboy
 Real World Architectures: Scaling Audiogalaxy.com to 80 million daily page views
 What Is Plant Liberation?
 Steve Yegge |  Ancient Languages -- Perl 
 Rajesh Jain on Turning 40
 One of the most bizarre game mechanics ever.
 Fearing Google...
  Photoshop-like Image Effects using Javascript and canvas
 Why Old Technologies Are Still Kicking
 Hazards of Wifi
 Quotably- new website makes following twitter conversations easy
 Quotably Goes From News.YC to TechCrunch In Under 3 Hours
 Simple text watermarking with unicode
 Ask YC: Hobbies as a Source of Frustration?
 This is the shirt I wear when I interview hackers (ignore fake prices, not an ad)
 CryoPID - A Process Freezer for Linux
 Ask YC: I started learning Lisp and I'm looking for some advice.
 Taking on YouTube
 Secure File Upload in PHP Applications
 Build A Free Full-Feature Web Forum With Lefora
 Where can I search the Enron email database?
 Part I: "I have an idea..now what?"
 Google's Andy Rubin demos Android
 Zuckerberg "punishes" naughty developers, rewards users
 Ubuntu Brainstorm Launched
 A New Tool from Google Alarms Sites
 Seeing Metaclasses Clearly
 Open source gains business credibility 
 4 Reasons On Why Google Buys Companies
 PHP isn't going anywhere: LAMP increasing to 3e5 DLs/month
 Bad news from California
 The Semantic Web 1-2-3
 IBM Poopheads: "LAMP Users Need to Grow Up"
 I see pixies (and the future of social networks)
 Impressive Services for Photographers
 Excessive emails and text are a mental illness
 Is gmail down for everyone?
 What's your opinion of "Correctness vs. Completion"?
 Mr. Parallel Universe
 Ask YC: Gmail Speed Problems?
 From Bear Stearns on the financial mess, to the tune of Bohemian Rhapsody
 Personal Chemistry and the Healthy Body
 Microsoft Internal Emails about Vista Problems
 Image of Internet on Display at Museum of Modern Art
 How to Persuade More Effectively: 6 Principles to Help You Be More Persuasive Immediately
 10 Free Links that Will Make Your Site #1 on Google 
 Launching a startup is like letting a child go...
 To launch or not to launch?
 No one alive will ever see Easter on March 23 again - Here's the math to show why
 First look: Google relaunches JotSpot as Google Sites
 UK ISPs face forced anti-piracy measures
 Wikia Open Sources Social Networking - Focused Networking Now Open to All
 The first 90% of a project takes 90% of the time and the last 10% takes the another 200%
 New Google Health Screenshots
 Reinventing the Inbox (features Xobni)
 Hope is not enough (to prevent data center catastrophe)
 Five Nines Reliability? Not At Any Social Networks
 Mining LinkedIn data: stats on the top SV tech companies
 Homemade relay computer (6 Hz)
 How Hard Could It Be?: Lessons I Learned in the Army
 Forget Dark Matter: This Astrophysicist Found the Fastest Way to Board a Plane
 Lessig, Dyson and Boyd Join LiveJournal's Board of Advisors
 Net censorship is a trade barrier
 MyBLogLog Launches v.2 of service
 What's wrong with elitism?
 RescueTime just started using Tipjoy. Give 'em some love.
 MIT OpenCourseWare | Designing and Leading the Entrepreneurial Organization
 Creating a HTML “friends” page from a Google Reader subscription list
 What my Mac’s startup sound can teach us about Microsoft, blogging, the universe, and everything
 2,413 Emails Followup: My good deed done for Mike Arrington
 YC Clone In Seattle
 End-user vs development-oriented build system
 The Wire and the web
 State of the X window system
 Page View Metric Dying - But What Will Replace It?
 8 Suave Tips for the Big Date
 The Programmer Hierarchy
 Happy Leap Day - The Science of Leap Time
  Why Web video isn't ready for prime time after all
 Exposing a Database as a Web Service
 Ask HN: Coworking Owners, What are Your Membership Policies?
 Places in Asia to avoid the swarming crowds
  For Bloggers, Legit News Photos For Free
 Lions in a Cage
 Lines Of Code - Dispelling The Myths
 Linux Ramback: faster than a speeding bullet
 Web Design: From Good to Great in 25 Links
 XKCD: Important Life Lesson
 In-browser command line interface
 Neat features in Eclipse editor (that Richard Stallman wants for Emacs)
 Snobbism-less way to save hacker-news from becoming another digg/reddit
 The struggles of new graduates
 5 Great Code Search Engines!
 Evaluation Animation and Debugging
 "There are no causes of poverty. It is the rest state..."
 Short Is In
 Google Distorting Info on 20% Time?
 Ask YC: Anybody tried (mt) Grid-Service?
 Python implementation of algorithms from Russell & Norvig's Artificial Intelligence book
 Eleventh
 Ask YC: Are you working part-time on your startup/project/idea?
 YC-Clone in Seattle with a Co-Op Twist?
 Never Complain. Only Ever Code.
 Salesforce.com: Why the model is working
 Will New Blu-ray Drives Suck Your Laptop Battery Dry?
 Company gaming Google search results leads to $2 million in revenue
 LinkBlip: get notified when someone visits a url
 What If Bill Gates Never Made Software?
 Ask YC: Post some RescueTime or 8aweek stats
 Teaching design to businesspeople
 Data is the New Links.  Tim Berners-Lee Says Sites That Don’t Give Users Their Data Back Are Boring
 Open-source developers command up to 40 percent premium
 Australian Startups Carnival: Revealed
 What's wrong with Netflix this morning?
 Is Ruby surpassing Python, Perl any time soon?
 More iPhone background app analysis
 JP Morgan possibly raising bid for Bear Stearns
 Proposal would curb Web tracking for advertisements 
 Details and some videos about developing new traction control software for the Tesla Roadster
 Hack the MacBook to have multi-touch, win an iPod Touch
 GrandCentral SF Homeless Stunt Worked So Well It’s Time For An Encore
 Social networking finds for the week
 Your Facebook app is a disaster, and I was right.
 Awaiting the Day When Everyone Writes Software 
 The Law of Accelerating Returns
 From geeks to greens
 Evaluating a job offer?
 What Does the Internet Look Like? [pictochart]
 Ask YC: which hosting providers have hosted some recent successes into the big time?
 Justin.TV’s Birthday Stats—57 Years Worth of Video and Counting.
 Web 2.0 Funding In 2007 Discouraging
 My project: Twitterate: Rate stuff via Twitter
 Why syntax matters [proggit]
 Startup Essentials Program from Sun
 Google Sites - What's All the Fuss?
 Air Force Blocks Access to Many Blogs
 Finding the OS X Turbo Button
 GumGum launch - Rails on the run
 The latest comments on Venture Hacks: Founder Edition
 University of San Francisco Law Clinic Joins Fight Against RIAA
 "I consider this method (Proc#curry) to be trivial"
 Waves: A New Rails-like Web Applications Framework
 Gouged by Sprint - The Smoking Gun
 A Sound as Continuous and Dense As Stars
 Skydeck: unlocking the valuable information hidden in your cell phone bill
 There's Plently of Value in Awareness 
 2,433 Unread Emails, I feel your pain
 The Top 10 Leadership Qualities 
 Lost in MySpace: How a generation of children are being raised online
 7 Uncommon Questions I'd Ask A Startup If I Were A Venture Capitalist
 Slide: Are these widgets worth half a billion?
 Bad browser sniffing techniques by John Resig
 Teenage Hacker Is Blind, Brash and in the Crosshairs of the FBI
 Free Federal Income Tax
 The Global Seed Vault, a reserve of seeds in an arctic mountain.
 Windev .. What do you think?
 The most interesting problem in physics?
 The New OS Landscape: Real Competition 
 DARPA to fund development of modular satellite technology 
 Robin Williams Saves the Day at TED When Tech Fails
 How to 'Google Bomb' an Enemy
 Geek feast fatigue…and the key rule for startup success
 Replacing Wire With Laser, Sun Tries to Speed Up Data
 How Yahoo lost its way
 Is McCain In The Pocket Of The Telecomm Industry?
 A translation from CEO-speak to English of the recent comments from the CEO’s of Mozilla and eMusic
 When your "Final Destination" comes-You never know what causes it...
 K2C
 Teenage Hacker Is Blind, Brash and in the Crosshairs of the FBI
 Why We Borrow Until It Hurts?
 Arthur C Clarke: predictions
 Everything's Blub All Over Again
 Give me your feedback on my news site.
 Analyst claims power business users disappointed with AJAX apps
 Oldest recorded voices sing again
 Scripting GIMP with Scheme
 UsWare vs. ThemWare
 Online photo editing
 America, Europe and the management of danger
 Programmers at Work Interview (Charles Simonyi)
 John Gruber's take on iPhone background apps
 Rails Rocks
 FriendFeed is non-beta before Gmail :)
 Why Am I Passing? Good thoughts on VC logic process
 Facebook Denies Role in Morocco Arrest
 The great digital certificate ripoff?
 Confirmed: Live Video On YouTube This Year
 Brad DeLong on trade and wages
 Fine-tuning and growing
 Google Proposes Plans for Mobile Use of TV Airwaves
 How to get accepted for a Y Combinator interview
 Bug.gd error search (our startup) made PC World's fantastic freebies list
 Repricing Microsoft's Future
 Timbap - utilises DJ decks to play MP3's, change pitch, etc all from the decks, nice hack!
 How this founder found the right CEO
 Sir Ken Robinson on public speaking (6 presentation tips)
 Songsterr online guitar
 Curried JavaScript functions
 Grand Central is giving away free phone numbers again to everyone!
 Apple to serve as regulator for iPhone app distribution
 See Java code the way javac sees it
 Historical Maps in Second Life
 U.S. Retooling High-Tech Barrier After 28-Mile Pilot Project Fails
 Text processing fun
 A New Tool From Google Alarms Sites
 Mozilla says Firefox 3 ready for prime-time
 Why Startups Suck
 Patent reform coalition aims to abolish software patents
 Lisp in a single expression 
 Are You Maximizing Your Product Blog? 
 Yahoo, Tata Deal Empowers Hadoop Developers
 Lifeless commercial spaces turned into bastions of creativity
 So You Hacked Our Site!?
 Stanford's job fair for budding entrepreneurs
 Firefox + Proxy Autoconfig considered harmful
 VC Fundraising Manual: How A VC Is Funded
 Charles Simonyi and Intentional programming: Anything You Can Do, I Can Do Meta
 Ask YC: How to start becoming an entrepreneur while still being an employee
 Feds Seize $78M of Bogus Chinese Cisco Gear 
 Sony leery of the Eee PC?
 Sort of, just and Donald Trump
 Azul Means (Big) Blue: There's a new kind of mainframe coming and it isn't from IBM
 The Novelty Curve
 Leaping Years and Drawing Lines 
 Airport security concerns: Bluetooth, switchblades and — wireless X-rays?
 Cfix, a unit testing framework for C/C++ on Win32
 Adobe AIR security
 Freedom of Religion vs Freedom of Thought
 BitStrips: comics-creation for everone
 How to write a good application for Summer of Code
 New erasable holographic material paves way toward 3D movies
 'cause you need a break
 Microsoft May Buy Email Startup Xobni
 Don't Step into the Water without Reading this!
 DNA seen through the eyes of a coder
 Ask YC: Should "Hacker News" be renamed?
 Ending software patents: Has the time come?
 MIT professor talks about the future of personal fabrication [video]
 Design details of Audiogalaxy.com’s high performance MySQL search engine
 New Google Search Tool Causing a Stir 
 Social Networks and Software Development
 Ask YC: Should we launch our startup at a conference?
 An Interview with Michael Arrington
 Ask YC: Any of you use Dvorak?
 Half-assed Startup - How to Start your Company and Keep Your Day Job
 One Hour of Free Marketing Advice From Jay Abraham
 Kindle is spurring e-book sales? Up 24%.
 LiveJournal Says Goodbye to Unique Account Structure, Against Wishes of Advisors
 Rails - Django Comparison
 Subcutaneous "tattoo" display that runs on blood (concept)
 On Rails and DB2
 Sir Tim Berners-Lee: Semantic Web Is Open for Business
 Happy Leap Day (Unless You're in Debt)
 8 Technologies That You Must Know About When Going Into A (Technical) Startup Interview
 Two common mistakes when using databases 
 Ask YC: Book on Lisp
 Ask YC: Sex and founding a startup
 John Graham-Cumming "retiring" from anti-spam
 Is Your Software Development Organization Mainstream?
 Eddie Izzard on Computers
 Heard someone saying....
 A Day in the Life of a Blogger at her Day Job
 Speak Your Business in 30 Seconds or Less
 SCHED the Mighty SXSW Scheduler (or The App I Built In 5 Days)
 The Health 2.0 glut, and how one startup adapts
 Macworld | Leopard power tips
 What went wrong with nuclear power?
 Map My Tracks: real-time tracking with GPS or phone
 Motherboard Transforms Chip Heat into Fan Power
 Ruby Waves: a new Ruby web framework
 Ask YC: Lightweight Python HTTP server?
 Extending Firebug, Hello World! (Part I.)
 Yahoo has entered the live video streaming space; YouTube will follow.
 Dinner Tonight for FOWA Miami
 Web 2.0 Experts Share Startup Lessons
 Very, Very Well Documented
 Bored with no ideas for next startup
 Text file wins 16 software awards
 Top 5 Reasons it Sucks to be an Engineering Student | Wired Science from Wired.com
 Hacker Music
  Haiku.rb 
 Brand vs. Usability
 Microsoft finds that making Vista less-expensive sells more copies.
 Ask YC: Has anyone run a website on a home server?
 I'm a 29yo Irishman with a Google Account. Who put me on Orkut? As a 19yo lady from American Samoa?
 Silicon Insider: How Ask.Com Could Overtake Google.Com
 Boto:  Python interface to Amazon Web Services and SimpleDB
 The Point of Tipping -- Lose the Tip Jars
 DanceJam launches. Am I alone in being hyped about this?
  Apple iMac 2.4GHz Core 2 Duo
 Scientist Gives Riveting Account of Her Own Stroke
 Ebay encounter slow growth in the up coming years 
 How Google and eBay Act Like Nations
 The Gomboc: The Self-Righting Object
 Elevator pitches via podcast (older, but wanted to see thoughts from YCers)
 Good Sleep, Good Learning, Good Life
 Graphviz - takes in a simple text language, and make diagrams
 A hazardous comparison
 The Coming Death Of Indian Outsourcing 
 Ask YC: anyone on kluster.com?
 Why Startups Fail: They Run Out Of Cash
 Functional Programming Seminar
 New web sites straddle legality, allowing girls to make big bucks
 1 guy in a straightjacket can do more in .5h than IBM engineers can do in 50.
 The Point of Tipping - Get Rid of the Tip Jars
 Richard St. John's Secrets to Success in 8 Words
 World Wide Telescope
 Adam's Advice and Reading List for High Tech Startup Entrepreneurs
 If you could fix Firefox or IE what would you do?
 Maps of world where area represents disease, deaths, rather than just landmass
 Apple gears up for June launch of 3G iPhone
 Half of Americans now get their news online, up from 40% a year ago
 Qantas Airways: a perfect storm for IT failure?
 Poll: What would happen if News.YC had explicit support for polls?
 Poll: My age is...
 Question: Resources for online advertising.
 WorldWide Telescope (aka "the software that made Scoble cry") demoed at TED
 How I Overcame My Math Blocks
 Beautiful software
 The new ‘economy of free’: the hidden costs of information infrastructure
 @TED: Best of Day 2 - O'Reilly Radar
 Mobile and Wireless Trends for 2008
 Alltop.com from Guy Kawasaki & how News 2.0 sites can change your business
 We think we know, but we have no idea.
 Charlie Does Surf. Meet The New Wizard Of The Web
 Judge: Wikileaks gets its domain name back
 Xbox 360 console scrubbed clean
 Another clever game mechanic:  Quantum Minigolf
 You Used Ruby to Write WHAT?!
 What Makes Finnish Kids So Smart?
 From geeks to greens
 Logo Design Trends 2008
 Bounce Rate: Sexiest Web Metric Ever?
 OOXML Fails to Get Majority Approval at BRM
 The Next Tinyurl
 Google Invests In DNA Sequencing Project
 Too old to start web programming career?
 A real life story: Factoring Polynomials
 10 tips to make your PHP application scream
 On Naming Startups, and Ruby Hackery. (with scripts!)
 Poll: My gender is...
 The death knell for RAID?
 The Manual by The KLF
 Researchers create world’s fastest internet connection
 Steve Ballmer on MS Server, Linux, Yahoo & More
 Has Vista lost all credibility?
 The Butler Lampson interview from Programmers at Work
 Breakthrough in the study of motor neurone disease
 Edsger Dĳkstra, The Humble Programmer [pdf]
 So How is Wordpress Going to Make Money, Matt? 
 The Google backlash at HIMSS
 Facebook Launches Band Pages
 Gmail Tips and Tricks - 35 Cool Hacks
 You Used Ruby to Write WHAT? Pros/Cons of Ruby in the Enterprise by Zed Shaw
 Poll: When do you upvote an article?
 Ask YC:  Would it make sense to use social news sites to talk to someone famous?
 Taking the pain out of office software
  Strange-But-True Details of Boston’s Innovation Leaders
 Want to Win Google's Love? Pony Up the Cash
 Open Innovation
 Patenting Business Methods using a symbolic business process calculus
 Poll: I come to YC.news to ...
 Programmers At Work
 placeSpotting - Do You Have The Skills To Solve The Riddles?
 Zed Shaw on Python
 Is News.YC censored? 
 A social network for babies - seriously
 35 Ways to Stream Your Life
 Evolution of Programming Languages
 Parentheses? What parentheses?
 Comment of the Day: Lifestreaming Irony
 Rumor: Microsoft about to unveil web-apps strategy
 Would a /leaderposts on YC make sense?
 IQ and the Wealth of Nations
 Berkshire Hathaway 2007 Annual Report (pdf)
 On a book entitled "Mr Turings Computing Machine"
 Raising capital in rough economic times
 Bill Gates Unplugged: On Software, Innovation, Entrepreneurship and Giving Back
 Life Outside the Fast Lane
 Programming Language Graph
 Decision Tree Learning in Ruby
 Yelp! founder Jeremy Stoppelman on getting 6 million visitors
 Poll: These polls are...
 Simple explanation of the Higgs particle
 Finding a worm in the Apple? Secret APIs in Mac OS X
 Eric Sink's Business Finance For Geeks
 Poker People (Matt Maroon)
 An idea for breaking through Silicon Valley's social network.  It can be viewed as a generalization of Hacker News.
 TED BlimpBot Report: Foiled by Air Conditioning
 Ask YC: Should we raise the karma threshold for creating polls?
 My Forbidden Fruits (and Vegetables)
 Revealed: Secrets of the Camouflage Masters
 Ask YC: what are those fields in the profile page?
 The Art of Verbal Intimidation
 Green Building at Stanford Just As Smart As People It Houses
 Famous assassinations: Who could doctors save today?
 5 Inspiration Hacks for Creative People
 Online Scrabble Craze Leaves Game Sellers at Loss for Words
 Ask YC: Using Plesk to manage your VPS
 Zero Hour for India's Tech Companies
 Leap Year Code Glitch Shutters South Carolina DMV
 Rock Star-Turned-Physicist Trades Keyboard for Atom Smasher 
 Free Google event in Pittsburgh with beer, wine, snacks
 People are the Problem, not Operator Overloading
 Performance improvements in Firefox 3.0b4
 Where start-ups go to get a leg up
 Innovation comes cheap, says Google engineer Kevin Marks
 Jaanix feature - push to Twitter
 Why no product companies in India?
 State of the (social) news
 Pricey, impractical and very desirable
 Why I'm Fed Up with TED
 You Used Python to Write WHAT? 
 How a Bubble Stayed Under the Radar ("Information Cascades" vs. "Efficient Markets")
 Microsoft Office Online and Attacking The Innovator’s Dilemma
 Windows Programmers Shifting to the Mac?
 Poll: Where do you assemble your on-the-fly HTML?
 What is your idea worth?
 A Challenge To Traditional Education? O'Reilly Introduces Mathematica Web App and Courses
 Biographicon (YC Startup) Wants To Be Wikipedia For The Non-Notable Masses
 The Startup equation...
 Publisher experiments with free online books
 LFE - Lisp Flavoured Erlang released
 Colliding galaxies (JPG)
 Sony afraid of the Asus eee?
 Figure this out and you may have a business.
 New strategy for potential HIV vaccine
 Google Apps Already a $400 Million Business? (Probably not.)
 Poll: What languages are you using to build your startup?
 You are creative (who the %$#@! says you're not?)
 How do you setup an ESOP for a startup?
 Pushing Paper Out the Door
 Edible User Interfaces
 At the core of snowflakes, bacteria
 Great leaders are great followers.
 Berkshire Hathaway 2007 Annual Report (PDF)
 35 People per Day Erroneously Declared Dead by Data Input Errors
 Poll: Do you lurk or do you post?
         The Product of the FOWA "Launch a Web App in 40 minutes" panel
 Teach Yourself Accent Reduction
 Will RealNetworks Buy Scrabulous?
 The Entire Communications Industry, in Less than 200 Pages
 Where start-ups go to get a leg up
 how to make feature requests (some video)
 Try Ruby:  Hands-On Tutorial
 Angel financing - Due diligence
 How do you build a public library in the age of Google?
 discount hotels
 News.YC Dapp
 Google Maps Without the Scripting
 The Rise and Fall of Thinking Machines: a doomed-yet-brilliant start-up
 search people
 Ask YC: Is your blog self-hosted or are you using (Blogger.com|WordPress.com|etc)?
 Feeling tired? Exercise a little
 7 Great Online Image Editing Apps
 Animated map of 5000 years of empires that controlled the Middle East
 The Product of the FOWA "Launch a Web App in 40 minutes" panel
 Ask YC: What would you do?
 Poll: Do we need a downvote button or is that insane ?
 Git post-commit for profit
 Is it possible to make money off of advertisements if your primary audience are techies?
 Mzinga Raises $32.5 Million and Acquires Prospero Business Social Networking Platform Provider
 My Introduction to Scrum and Agile
 What Makes an Expert?
 My 23andMe DNA Results
 IHateCamelCase
 Preventing Domain Expiration
 MicroSharing: Inside the One Trend Most Marketers Are Ignoring
 Mac OS and Safari marketshare
 The Most Easy Way to Create and Build Web Applications
 Want Success? Learn to Listen
 I am not thrilled with Vista Service Pack 1 - installed final version
 Ask YC: Hackers and Startup Kids In Sydney Australia
 Ask YC: What is your favorite Version control SW?
 Advanced EFS Data Recovery breaks Vista and Windows Server 2008 encryption
 Xobni man: Getting deals done
 Lit Nerds: TS Eliot's Wasteland - well referenced 
 Help out the Lisp newbies everywhere.
 Woz finds flaws in Apple's latest offerings
 Discount Miami hotels
 The Zen of Tech: 12 Powerful Ways to Keep Your Online Life Simple and Peaceful
 Is this web 3.0?
 World's first computer
 Japanese robots enter daily life
 Black Fungus Found in Chernobyl Eats Harmful Radiation
 Keeping up with the Zenters
 Microsoft and an 'Over the Top' Data Center Buildout?
 Feature Development and Traffic Growth at Justin.tv
 [SF] Justin.tv: Hackers Wanted
 TechCrunch Unique Visitors in January
 Art Galleries Using the Web. PG was just ahead of his time
 Building a Brand with Widgets
 The verdict is in: The Pownce API kicks Twitter's ass 
 NodeBox, OS X app that lets you create 2D visuals (static, animated or interactive) using Python
 Finding names for your startup
 Processing has been the Canvas of Choice for Artistic Programming: Introducing Ruby-Processing.
 Ask YC:  How do you build a community in a single player puzzle/game site?
 If your idea is worth spreading, then presentation matters
 The Female Eric Schmidt
 I Need a Virtual Break. No, Really
 Notes for March 3rd SDWest talk on interviewing in Silicon Valley
 Discount Seattle hotels
 Discount Hampton  hotels
 Actual Performance, Perceived Performance
 White-Label like it's 2005
 How to Submit Patches to Open Source Projects with Github
 A Lisp through the Looking Glass
 How many blogging platforms are there?
 In praise of the humble but world-changing tuber
 Where the rubber meets the rock : tools matter
 Ask YC: Should I work for a startup?
 People Who Read This Article Also Read...
 Open Cognition Framework Released
 Ask YC: Hacker moms & dads, what do you read?
 The Nature of Lisp
 What is your PC worth? Measuring welfare gains from new goods
 Why There Will Never Be A Startup (Bubble) Bust
 Ask YC: crowdfiltering business case
 Why We’re Not In A Startup Bubble
 Web 2.0 experts share startup lessons
 AllPeers Closes - What Happened to the Glorious Future of P2P?
 Be Careful of Your Passion
 Maximizing Human Performance
 What matters most on your cellphone?
 Ask YC:  Why not release your email statistics involving strangers to the public to reduce spam/uninteresting email to you?
 User Generated Web Video: FAIL
 Cyclist Spontaneously Combusts (?!): "a flaming human torch cycling along the road"
 Teaching boys and girls separately
 Don't believe your web stats 
 The History of Tomorrow’s Internet: Introduction | drstarcat.com
 Canadian University Puts IT Whiz Kids in 'Dormcubator'
 Digital Photography 2.0
 Ask YC: What DNS provider do you use ?
 The U.S. voted no on Microsoft Office standard at ISO
 Multi-Touch gestures in any application
 Tellme Founder: Sale to Microsoft Has Worked Out Well
 FOWA Updates
 AOL Launches Open Aim 2.0
 First spam felony conviction upheld: no free speech to spam
 University of Va. student, hackers crack credit card security code
 The "important people" myth debunked
 Entrepreneurship in Michigan: Nerds & rich people
 Any hardware hackers here at YC?
 Debugging In My Sleep
 Life is NP-Hard
 reverse phone search
 Escape From Corporate America
 Five Memorable Books About Programming
 Moserware: What Does It Take To Become A Grandmaster Developer?
 NYT on Scrabulous and Hasbro
 CA Cert
 Microsoft's Google-killer strategy: Finally on the way? 
 Hack your finances with Buxfer's API
 Discount Reno  hotels
 Expansion strategy: Is Facebook's Platform a mistake?
 Shift Happens – The Future of Advertising
 Startup Financing During the Credit Crunch
 The "Python Paradox," Redux
 XML spec editor: OOXML ISO process is "unadulterated BS"
 Discount Boston hotels
 Hollywood, Silicon Valley and AT&T? It’s a Deal
 Scary but very interesting (her face follows the cursor)
 Company Name First in Microcontent? Sometimes!
 Startup 101: Tools for the Job (What do you use?)
 Prevent And Cure The Out Of Hard Disk Space Syndrom
 Wal-Mart Tastemakers Write Unfiltered Blog 
 Me: Why a Sense of Entitlement Can Wreak Havoc on Happiness
 Top 10 Amazing Chemistry Videos
 Why do we accept less than 99.999% uptime?
 Ask HN: I want to make a webapp. Where do I start?
   C# and XNA - Are Universities Teaching The Wrong Things?
 The Federal Reserve's rescue has failed
 Jason.NET 2.0
 Microsoft to SaaS: We have you surrounded
 Locate Business
 How Super Mario Bros Made Me a Better Software Engineer
 Why not just scrap the anti-virus software?
 Japan Looks Forward to a Robot Future
 An hour and a half with Barack Obama
 Example of Linux Process Creation
 Ask YC: Who Are the Startup Friendly Accounting Firms?
 Uniqueness Typing Simplified 
 Amazon MP3 Downloader available for GNU/Linux (though not FAIF)
 is a degree in computer science worth it?
 The World's Largest Supercomputing Cloud
 OSAF & Chandler Transition
 Floating Images Code
 If You Build It Will They Come?
 Poll: How do you make polls?
 Facebook, MySpace announce monetization options for developers
 Sun is starting to give Python some love
 smuglispweeny: Macro-ro-ro Your Code Gently Down the Page...
 The second annual Father Ted festival took place last week in County Clare
 Always Be Audacious
 Poll: If it wasn't YC who would it be?
 What's the real European growth rate?
 Behind the scenes at 37signals: Postscript
 TNS Buys Compete For Up To $150 Million
 Estimating the airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow
 Can Architects Save Libraries from the Internet?
 Adobe AIR review
 Ruby hacker proposes to quit his job and work only on OSS while living on donation money
 Ask YC:  Would it make sense to build a social news site using bounce rate instead of voting?
 Spam is not free speech
 Poll: What do you look for in a job?
 Epic cable pr0n: One Wilshire meet-me room
 What Makes A Great Logo 
 It's an eye pod ... wink, wink
 Not A Bug...
 Scale your website by splitting your data streams
 Obama's Web marketing triumph
 Microsoft: Gates launches Google Docs killer, encourages headline cliches
 Preparing for the Recession: How to Market Your Way Through It
 Ask YC: Your Startup's Bandwidth/Connection
 7 entrepreneurs whose perseverance will inspire you
 A compiler from Higher Order Logic to hardware (with a detailed survey of the field)
 How to Pass a Silicon Valley Software Engineering Interview [PDF slides]
 IBM building Blue Brain (full brain neuron simulator)
 Start-ups go back to school to get to work
 The Very Model of a Modern Media Mogul
 Implications Of How A VC Is Funded: Diverse LPs
 IT Conversations Interviews Johnny Lee 
 How to Instantly Spend 80% Less Time on Facebook
 Ask YC: How much compensation does a pre-revenue company offer an early outside director?
 Ask YC:  Free advertising to encourage greater user participation and promotion of your service?
 The real reason Google's clicks are flat
 Obituary: Baba Amte
 How Presidential Candidates Would Help Entrepreneurs
 "85% of the contexts where something is called 'powerful', it really means 'useless and dangerous'."
 Valley's Young Guns- Behind the Scenes- Myths, Fears, and Hopes
 "Programming Gauche" published in Japan
 Femme fatale of physics: how to get teenagers all steamed up over science
 Ask YC: Moonvertising, is it coming?
 What Stanford learned building Facebook Apps
 Warren Spector's Game Design Lectures/Interview Videos
 Shifting Google Gears to mobile
 Programming language trends
 Bad grades? Faulty memory could be to blame
 Microsoft reverses IE 8 defaults to be “standards mode”
 A First Haskell Experience
 The Sun is going to shine on Python
 Denny K Miu: What I Learned From My Dad 
 Monzy performs 'kill -9' at Stanford
 What the heck is a math trade?
 Google Summer of Code
 Ad exec driven to suicide (partly) by trolls
 Magic and Software Design (1993)
 Don't use Pound for load balancing
 Google in Beta (screenshot from 1998)
 What is your opinion on Jaanix? Does it work for you? Is it better than reddit?
 Amazing collection of urban photos
 How to recreate Silverback's Parallax
 Microsoft's Interoperability Principles and IE8
 Generate music from your voice
 XDrive-like service for non-Americans?
 Paypal Advises Mac Users To Stop Using Safari
  Zoho Writer Extends Mobile Support, Adds Offline Capability for Windows Mobile Using Google Gears
 The Real Reason there are no Silicon Valleys in Europe
 Reverse Sokal: The Bogdanov Affair
 AOL: Up To 30 New Sites By The End Of 2008
 Ask YC: What software makes you happy?
 Creating a "phone-book for ET"
 Acid3 browser test is out
 The best blogs you are not reading
 Oil Tops Inflation-Adjusted Record Set in 1980
 Web 3G: The Third Generation of the Web
 Geek Graffiti
 First commercially supported distribution of Drupal coming
 App in a Box: Facebook Platform applications in 5 minutes
 Companies Are Piling Up Cash
 Google Gears Goes Mobile
 Silverlight On Mobile Devices
 Artists Still Trying to Push CDs on Consumers 
 Startup Lesssons from Warren Buffet - Identify your moat
 Cleaning 400 years of dust from books
 CellSpin looking to hire web designer/developer
 38 Year Old Takes the SAT
 Getting residence to startup?
 Never heard of this law firm, but there's some stellar startup guides/PDFs
 Hackers:  Advice on moving from Silicon Valley to Boston/Cambridge?
 "The Architect"
 Ebb: C-Powered Web Server That Uses Rack - Faster than Mongrel *and* Thin
 Free (Ruby) Shoes Book and Applications For Everyone!
 A Virtual Travel Agent With All the Answers
 Nokia bringing MS Silverlight to millions of mobile phones
 25 Native iPhone Apps We Hope to See
 Want something better than just Django? Check out Pylons! 
 The Charms of Wikipedia (first-hand account of "inclusionist" vs. "deletionist" war)
 VCs Pump $3B into Clean Tech in ’07
 The waterfall trap for “agile” projects
 Robotic pet won't soil your carpet
 iPhone SDK: What It Will Mean to Business Users
 Should startups compete with giants?
 Unbreaking the Web
 How To Learn Lisp
 Ed Boyden: How to Think
 Microsoft caves: ‘Super-standards’ mode to become IE 8 default
 Heroku (YC Startup) Launches API and External Git Access
 Ask HN: Where do you stand on privacy?
 Mergelab Emerges to Streamline Friends' Web Updates
 Biggest case of plagiarism in the science literature
 XHTML validation is like English grammar.
 Ask YC: What currency would you prefer to be paid in?
 Obama's Web marketing triumph
 Cool physics interactive toy program
 Troika Newton Virus (Prank App) for Macbooks
 The Billion Dollar Line of JavaScript: document.f.q.focus();
 Gender differences in language appear biological
 Improved try() in Ruby
 The USSR was better prepared for collapse than the US is today
 Ask News.YC: Hacker parents and grandparents: What do you do with photos?
 Iran my impose a countrywide Internet shut down during there elections.
 PBX Hell: 50+ Hacks Get to a Real Person in 10 Seconds or Less
 Ask YC: what are the best books to learn CSS and XHTML from?
 Dealing With a GPL Violation?
 Microsoft changes IE 8 defaults to be “standards mode”
 Time to try learning Lisp again?
 Rails is the best thing that ever happened to Python
 Hack into a Windows PC - no password needed
 20 Money Hacks: Tips and Tricks to Improve Your Finances
 Rick Olson endorses Github
 Daylight Saving Wastes Energy
 Wikipedia Founder's Fling With Columnist Ends in Nasty Public Breakup
 Federal agencies boost scores in security
 MurmurHash - interesting new hash function
 Internet Lessons from Nine Inch Nails and Obama
 Office Live Workspace vs Google Docs: Feature-by-Feature Comparison
 Microsoft Office Live Workspace goes live
 Ask YC:  Do you know of any good books that teach programming by developing an application?
 Steve Wozniak: $100 laptop deserves a Nobel Prize
 Hack your finances with Buxfer's API
 Rethinking the Resumé - Skill Clouds
 6 Adobe AIR Apps to Check Out
 "I'd rather spend my money on my genome than a Bentley or an airplane"
 Exploratory Programming
 Dilbert on Software Architects
 OLPC, Classmate and Eee 
 Nokia to use Silverlight on their mobile devices.
 Software masterpieces: Emacs, TeX, Zork, Scheme, Microsoft mouse driver
 Dan Ariely, first choices, and wealth
 New a list apart article: On Creativity
 Codepad.org, a pastebin that executes code
 Wandering About » Alchemy of Juices
 Tesla: Little electric roadster that could
 Sony Increases Hard Drive Storage Fivefold
 Amazon SQS Price Drops to $0.01 / 10,000 requests
 Gary Gygax, ‘Father of D&D,’ Dies at 69
 302 Semantic Web Videos and Podcasts
 The Legacy of the Self-Made Man
 Ask Hacker News: Cost of living in Silicon Valley
 New Yahoo tool gathers favorite Web places on mobiles
 How Fog Creek Saved me half a grand OR Great Customer Service
 Jurassic Programmers 
 Access Buxfer offline on your mobile device with Google gears mobile
 Ask YC: Anyone in SV get a sense the economy is headed south?
 U.S. Mobile Broadband Usage Up 154% To 2.1 Million Devices
 12 Mistakes not to make when launching your 2.0 startup
 Silence of the Sage: What Warren Buffett’s letter didn’t say
 Steve Jobs hid cancer for nine months
 Hackers attack MySpace and Facebook
 Bottled Water Vs. Tap Water
 hackety org » Shoes Is Sort Of Making Its Way Through The Linux Packaging Machines
 Wozniak 'disappointed' by Apple iPhone 
 Microsoft-Yahoo combo could mean one fewer exit for upstarts
 NewsFireRSS is now free for OS X users
 8aweek and RescueTime
 Google releases Gears for mobile devices, but only on Windows Mobile 5 & 6 for now 
 gitsum - partial interactive commits from emacs
 California cows start passing gas to the grid
 Third World Biotech: Blood Test for African Sleeping Sickness licensed under CC
 Ask YC: Resistance to the new.
 Top Ten Legal Mistakes Made by Entrepreneurs
 Creating rich Internet applications on Linux with WebKit
 Singularity: Microsoft's research OS available for download
   What Are the Lessons of the Blu-Ray/HD-DVD Battle?
 IE8 - better Ajax CSS and DOM - announced at Mix
 SftpDrive comes to OS X as ExpanDrive
 Viral Marketing & SEO
 Incenting The User To Put Up A Profile Picture
 Ask YC:  Are merit-based ads a good idea?  Appearance probability proportional to karma/score/etc.
 Why we must ensure that powerful AI systems are Friendly
 Turning TinyURL into a Distributed File Sharing System
 Poll: Where in the world are you?
 Adrian Holovaty: A Data Point on Every Block
 Poll: Is it OK to submit stories from your own blog?
  Gary Gygax, Dungeons & Dragons creator, dies  
 Elephant intelligence
 Alan Kay at TED:  An infectious idea for teaching ideas
 Pure Css Data Chart
 Javascript Haskell compiler compiles Haskell in your web browser
 Richard Dawkins: An atheist's call to arms (video)
 6 Ways to Filter Your RSS Feeds
 RSpec is moving to git.
 Are Routers the Next Big Target for Hackers?
 iPhone software wishlist
 Jerks of the Web
 Creative Play Makes for Kids in Control
 One VC’s 3-Step Filter for Saying ‘No’
 Ask YC: How to get a domain name?
 Announcing: Apps for Android
 Ask Hacker News: What Python web framework should I use?
 To Lead, You Have to Follow
 Has anyone applied to the Summer AlphaLab program?
 Poll: Is this trolling?
 Changing the rules to make saving the rainforest profitable
 Researchers discover gene mutations linked to longer lifespans
 The trouble with Steve Jobs
 Keeping a 20,000 Foot View One Day at a Time
 Coding Horror: CAPTCHA is Dead, Long Live CAPTCHA!
 Criticism is dead
 10 Steps to Set Up Your Network 
 Law of diminishing returns
 CSS Janus converts between right to left and left to right pages
 Robot keeps Midtown block safe [video]
 Tim Bray on OOXML
 Windows-based cash machines 'easily hacked'
 Microsoft develops new O.S. from scratch
 New Ruby on Rails Host Makes Awesome Enterance!
 submissions bug
 Q&A with Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg, on hiring, growth, and its platform
 How To Name Your Company
 How the Barack Obama Campaign Uses Wikis to Organize Volunteers
 Ask YC: Help Please What i should learn in order to Design and Analyisi of Algorithm
 Zuckerberg: New Facebook COO will be organization czar
 Brain Scanner Can Tell What You're Looking At
 Poll: Would you be interested in doing a startup with someone from YC news?
 Google Android SDK Security Holes
 Physicists Successfully Store and Retrieve Nothing
 Nine Inch Nails Sells Out Of $300 Deluxe Edition In Under Two Days ($750K on that option alone)
 Jobs laughs off shareholders' vote on salary
 Upcoming Fvrit.com features announcement for bloggers and Social Users
 5 Ways To Keep Out the Bad Guys
 Orkut Developer's Guide - Build social applications for Orkut
 1000 True Fans (that's all you need)
 NYT: Yahoo Looks at New Way to Survive
 NYT: Facebook Hires a Google Executive as No. 2
 Producing
 Thermodynamic limitations to nuclear energy deployment as a greenhouse gas mitigation technology
 There are eerie similarities between the US now and Japan in the 1990s
 geordi: the backend of codepad
 Octopart Traffic
 Ruby running MS Silverlight and in your browser
 Mint.com: Why Design Matters Too
 Normalized data is for sissies 
 Why The Debate Around Global Warming Is Irrelevant
 PhotoShelter Protects Your Images From Would-Be Flickr Thieves
 Netflix UI director on anti-patterns in design.
 Can't afford Monster Cables?  Use coat hangers.  Audiophiles can't tell the difference.
 Portal for Indians
 Launching A Startup is Barely Step One
 A Hacker Manifesto (by McKenzie Wark)
 Cool It!
 The Social Me, by William James
 Fire Eagle goes to open invite status
 romantic gesture - give root access to specific user - please help! - Linux Forums
 Ask YC: Story for Forbes - How do you spend zero on legal fees?
 Microsoft missing the cloud with Windows on a USB stick
 Arc: Table of Contents
 Table-Based Layout Is The Next Big Thing
 Cheap Office--or Web-based Office?
 A Wave of the Watch List, and Speech Disappears 
 Learning to Live Like an Early Bird
 Optimize A Fresh Ubuntu Installation
 Ask YC: Should I quit programming to pursue the arts?
 Oracle Introduces PowerBrowser [1996]
 Gary Gygax, 1938-2008
 When the music costs nothing, why do freetards prefer to leech?
 Ask YC: Recommendation on a chat service/software
 Design is in the Details
 Apple shareholders OK 'Say on Pay'
 Ask YC: Dubai - future Startup Hub
 Earth's rotation may account for wayward spacecraft
 Microsoft's Singularity source code released
 Workplace Experiments at 37signals
 First Cray-1 Supercomputer
 Stealing from Arc: [+ _ 1] in Common Lisp
 Binary 'deathstar' has Earth in its sights 
 Memory trick breaks PC encryption
 Backing buddypress
 Ask YC : How to jump in the video games development?
 Want a peek at a non-Windows operating system from Microsoft?
 Pretty Simple 
 Ten Rules of Programming
 Online Scrabble Craze Leaves Game Sellers at Loss for Words
 Games People Play - Bayesian filters in recruiting
 AOL opens AIM and ICQ instant messaging protocols
 Poll: How smart are you?
 Software for Happiness (part 2)
 Microsoft Mix Keynote One, Live
 Programming Language Stories
 Microsoft reveals IE8 features
 Database Design is Difficult
 Microsoft unveils IE8 Beta 1 (now available)
 First Look: Internet Explorer 8
 'Testers Are Idiots' 
 Location Aware: Smart Rollout for Yahoo! Fire Eagle
 Vatican recants with a statue of Galileo
 Representations of uncomputable and uncountable sets
 RIMM not taking iPhone innovations lying down
 Initial IE8 Thoughts (Robert O'Callahan)
 SXSW Interactive Full Schedule
 Converge (Python-like language with macro-like facilities) 1.0 released
 Semantic Web Search Engine Roundup
 Nike and iPod Teaming Up On the Treadmill
 UN Makes Its Statistical Data Free and Searchable
 Ask YC: How do you manage your startup's knowledge?
 The torture of turning everything off
 Brain computer interface - with typing!
 Phun | Great Physics Program for Kids
 Take Seed From VCs To Get Them Hooked
 Chronicle Of A Startup: The Funding Question
 Alan Kay at TED: A powerful idea about teaching ideas
 Ask YC : Anyone experienced an online CS degree?
 Joseph Juran, Father of 80-20 rule dies at 103
 Nine Inch Nails Reinvent the Music Business
 Poll: Creating Polls Should Cost Karma
 True Knowledge: The Natural Language Question Answering Wikipedia for Facts
 Mental health crisis plagues post Katrina New Orleans
 A Wave of the Watch List, and Domain Names Get Pulled
 IE8 Beta Released
 Software Schedules and the Parable of the Loaf of Bread
 A Litmus Test for Entrepreneurs
 FireEagle: Yahoo’s “Twitter For Location” 
 Typical person? No such thing
 Social Media Thoughts and Musings March 2008 - Burnout, the next big thing, aggregation
 What if every Entrepreneur had to tell the Truth?
 Would a professional web company use Google Chart API?
 Web 2.0 VC to start-ups: Your income is "noise"
 Three Jeers for Frustrating Gadgetry
 "Think of it as Napster for education"
 No, Dubai will probably not become a start-up hub: "The Top 20 Reasons Not to Move to Dubai"
 Ah-Ha Moment: I wrote my first program with eval and lambda!
 State of the Computer Book Market: Languages
 Ask YC: SQL Help ! (feel free to ignore)
 Poll: Changing Your Upmod/Downmod
 The World's Youngest Billionaires
 A better backup system based on Git
 Ask YC: What's your bounce rate? What's good?
 Internet Explorer 8 Has Arrived
 Perhaps the best logo for lambda...
 Corruption allegations swirl around Wikipedia's Jimbo Wales
 Does open-source development work for business users?
 AOL Mail was rewritten in Microsoft Silverlight 2.0 and released today. It is better than Gmail.
 Fuzzwich (YC summer 07) launches a new look and previews Animator
 Adobe’s Flash Not Good Enough for Steve Jobs
 The 10 Most Sought-After IT Skills 
 The Art of Email-Writing and How It Can Make or Break Your Business
 Facebook asks labels about music service
 Spam Hits an All-Time High 
 Carnegie Mellon develops magnetically levitating computer physical interface
 A big spike for The Big Switch
 File-sharing and property rights
 Babies see pure colour, adults via language centres
 Set a Blank Password in Windows XP To Protect the Computer from Internet Attacks
 Genes 'R' Us: The new dot-coms?
 He steals company data, but he ain't no hacker
 Jaguar Marketing System CEO Sets Personal Goal of $1,000,000
 World's smallest gun fires 300mph bullets - but is just 2 inches long
 Bill Gates drops to No. 3 on billionaire list
(1000 rows)

